1. Lead is created by Channel Partner (4 categories- designer, architect, individual, channel partner)
architect, designer - share given by percentage
individual, channel partner - share given by fixed amount

2. Lead is auto-assigned to a sales-person (having least number of pending leads).
Sales-person notified. 
Manager notified (with all details of lead and sales-person working on it).

3. a) Sales-person marks the lead as "Work in Progress".
b) If the lead status is not changed, Lead gets re-assigned to other sales-person according to the time limit.
DEFAULT=24 hours
Admin will have the facility to set a particular time for a specific lead.
Sales-person notified. 
Manager notified.

4. a) On confirmation of lead, sales-person fixes a visit of site-engineer.
Site-engineer notified.
b) Site engineer visits the location, records his status(pending, visited, completed) and a remark of the visit.

5. Lead reverts back to sales-person for financial communication.
Sales-person notified.

6. Sales-person fixes an amount and lead is transferred to account-officer for status of payment (full or partial).
Manager notified.
Account-officer notified.

7. After the confirmation of payment is received by account-officer, sales-person is notified and he/she informs the customer.

8. After the product is ready to be shipped, the sales-person again fix the installation date, on communication with the customer and marks the lead as COMPLETED.
site-engineer notified.

9. Site-engineer visits the customer's place for installation of the product.

10. After installation, site engineer marks lead status as COMPLETED by him and uploads the feedback form.
manager notified.

11. Account-officer confirms full payment has been received and marks the lead as COMPLETED.
manager notified.

12. Manager rechecks and confirms all the steps have been successfully completed by sales, site-engineer and account-officer.

13. Finally, Manager marks the lead as COMPLETED.

14. After this, manager triggers the payment process of channel-partner to account-officer.
account-officer notified.

15. After successful payment of channel-partner (manager notified) and verification from manager, Lead is marked CLOSED by the manager.

Note- Manager can check the status of lead anytime during the process.
